java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut100_T2.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut100_T2.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut101_T24.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut101_T24.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut102_T30.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut102_T30.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut103_T24.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut103_T24.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut104_T26.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut104_T26.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut106_T3.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut106_T3.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut107_T18.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut107_T18.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut108_T19.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut108_T19.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut109_T11.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut109_T11.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut10_T12.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut10_T12.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut110_T16.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut110_T16.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut111_T5.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut111_T5.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut112_T5.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut112_T5.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut113_T3.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut113_T3.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut114_T13.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut114_T13.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut115_T19.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut115_T19.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut116_T2.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut116_T2.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut117_T13.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut117_T13.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut118_T12.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut118_T12.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut119_T6.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut119_T6.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut11_T23.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut11_T23.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut120_T6.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut120_T6.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut121_T31.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut121_T31.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut122_T3.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut122_T3.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut123_T12.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut123_T12.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut124_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut124_T4.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut125_T6.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut125_T6.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut126_T28.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut126_T28.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut127_T17.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut127_T17.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut128_T30.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut128_T30.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut129_T30.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut129_T30.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut12_T3.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut12_T3.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut130_T3.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut130_T3.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut131_T32.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut131_T32.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut132_T2.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut132_T2.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut134_T6.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut134_T6.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut135_T7.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut135_T7.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut136_T7.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut136_T7.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut137_T23.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut137_T23.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut138_T2.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut138_T2.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut139_T29.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut139_T29.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut13_T20.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut13_T20.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut140_T12.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut140_T12.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut141_T23.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut141_T23.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut142_T18.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut142_T18.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut143_T26.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut143_T26.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut144_T19.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut144_T19.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut145_T29.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut145_T29.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut146_T32.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut146_T32.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut147_T7.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut147_T7.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut148_T26.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut148_T26.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut14_T16.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut14_T16.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut150_T31.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut150_T31.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut151_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut151_T4.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut152_T18.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut152_T18.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut153_T18.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut153_T18.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut154_T22.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut154_T22.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut155_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut155_T4.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut156_T21.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut156_T21.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut158_T31.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut158_T31.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut159_T19.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut159_T19.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut15_T19.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut15_T19.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut160_T31.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut160_T31.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut161_T8.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut161_T8.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut162_T31.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut162_T31.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut163_T8.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut163_T8.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut164_T2.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut164_T2.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut165_T5.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut165_T5.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut166_T9.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut166_T9.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut167_T21.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut167_T21.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut168_T30.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut168_T30.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut169_T20.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut169_T20.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut16_T30.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut16_T30.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut173_T14.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut173_T14.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut176_T29.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut176_T29.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut177_T19.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut177_T19.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut178_T2.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut178_T2.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut179_T12.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut179_T12.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut17_T10.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut17_T10.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut180_T3.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut180_T3.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut182_T18.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut182_T18.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut183_T2.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut183_T2.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut185_T5.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut185_T5.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut186_T18.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut186_T18.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut187_T27.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut187_T27.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut188_T8.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut188_T8.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut189_T30.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut189_T30.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut18_T2.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut18_T2.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut190_T16.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut190_T16.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut191_T28.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut191_T28.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut192_T32.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut192_T32.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut193_T26.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut193_T26.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut194_T7.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut194_T7.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut195_T30.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut195_T30.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut196_T1.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut196_T1.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut197_T3.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut197_T3.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut198_T20.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut198_T20.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut199_T27.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut199_T27.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut19_T30.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut19_T30.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut1_T20.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut1_T20.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut200_T27.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut200_T27.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut20_T10.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut20_T10.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut21_T12.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut21_T12.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut22_T6.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut22_T6.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut23_T32.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut23_T32.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut25_T17.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut25_T17.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut26_T2.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut26_T2.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut27_T21.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut27_T21.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut28_T21.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut28_T21.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut29_T26.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut29_T26.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut2_T15.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut2_T15.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut30_T12.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut30_T12.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut31_T13.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut31_T13.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut32_T16.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut32_T16.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut33_T31.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut33_T31.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut34_T16.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut34_T16.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut35_T26.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut35_T26.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut36_T3.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut36_T3.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut37_T18.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut37_T18.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut38_T25.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut38_T25.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut39_T24.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut39_T24.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut3_T24.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut3_T24.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut40_T17.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut40_T17.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut41_T28.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut41_T28.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut42_T24.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut42_T24.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut43_T13.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut43_T13.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut45_T19.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut45_T19.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut46_T18.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut46_T18.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut47_T6.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut47_T6.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load RQ2_KWOA_modelInFlight.txt -rank Test/KWOA_test_InFlightMut48_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/KWOA_ScoreFile_InFlightMut48_T4.txt
