java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut103_T11.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut103_T11.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut104_T3.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut104_T3.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut107_T9.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut107_T9.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut109_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut109_T4.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut110_T9.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut110_T9.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut111_T11.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut111_T11.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut112_T11.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut112_T11.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut113_T3.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut113_T3.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut114_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut114_T4.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut116_T3.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut116_T3.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut117_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut117_T4.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut118_T3.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut118_T3.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut11_T9.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut11_T9.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut120_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut120_T4.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut121_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut121_T4.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut124_T3.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut124_T3.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut125_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut125_T4.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut128_T11.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut128_T11.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut129_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut129_T4.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut130_T9.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut130_T9.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut131_T11.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut131_T11.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut132_T9.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut132_T9.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut136_T11.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut136_T11.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut138_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut138_T4.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut13_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut13_T4.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut140_T9.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut140_T9.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut141_T11.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut141_T11.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut145_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut145_T4.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut148_T9.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut148_T9.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut153_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut153_T4.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut154_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut154_T4.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut155_T11.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut155_T11.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut156_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut156_T4.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut157_T3.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut157_T3.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut159_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut159_T4.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut15_T3.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut15_T3.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut160_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut160_T4.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut161_T9.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut161_T9.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut162_T11.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut162_T11.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut163_T3.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut163_T3.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut165_T3.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut165_T3.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut169_T11.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut169_T11.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut170_T3.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut170_T3.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut173_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut173_T4.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut174_T9.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut174_T9.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut176_T3.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut176_T3.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut177_T3.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut177_T3.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut179_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut179_T4.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut17_T11.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut17_T11.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut180_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut180_T4.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut181_T9.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut181_T9.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut184_T11.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut184_T11.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut185_T3.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut185_T3.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut187_T3.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut187_T3.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut188_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut188_T4.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut189_T9.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut189_T9.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut18_T11.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut18_T11.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut190_T3.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut190_T3.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut191_T3.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut191_T3.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut194_T9.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut194_T9.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut195_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut195_T4.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut196_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut196_T4.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut197_T9.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut197_T9.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut198_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut198_T4.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut199_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut199_T4.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut19_T11.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut19_T11.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut1_T9.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut1_T9.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut200_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut200_T4.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut20_T3.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut20_T3.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut21_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut21_T4.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut23_T9.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut23_T9.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut25_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut25_T4.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut26_T3.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut26_T3.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut27_T11.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut27_T11.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut28_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut28_T4.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut29_T11.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut29_T11.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut31_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut31_T4.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut34_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut34_T4.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut35_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut35_T4.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut36_T3.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut36_T3.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut37_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut37_T4.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut38_T11.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut38_T11.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut39_T3.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut39_T3.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut3_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut3_T4.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut40_T3.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut40_T3.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut42_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut42_T4.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut47_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut47_T4.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut49_T9.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut49_T9.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut4_T3.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut4_T3.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut52_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut52_T4.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut53_T3.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut53_T3.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut55_T11.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut55_T11.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut56_T9.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut56_T9.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut57_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut57_T4.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut5_T9.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut5_T9.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut63_T11.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut63_T11.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut64_T9.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut64_T9.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut66_T9.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut66_T9.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut68_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut68_T4.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut72_T9.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut72_T9.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut74_T3.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut74_T3.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut75_T9.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut75_T9.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut76_T9.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut76_T9.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut78_T9.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut78_T9.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut7_T3.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut7_T3.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut83_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut83_T4.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut85_T11.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut85_T11.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut86_T11.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut86_T11.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut87_T9.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut87_T9.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut88_T9.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut88_T9.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut90_T9.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut90_T9.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut91_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut91_T4.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut92_T3.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut92_T3.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut93_T11.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut93_T11.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut94_T9.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut94_T9.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut96_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut96_T4.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut98_T3.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut98_T3.txt
java -jar bin/RankLib.jar -load EXP2_modelNetwork.txt -rank Test/EXP2_test_NetworkMut99_T4.txt -score ScoreFile/EXP2_ScoreFile_NetworkMut99_T4.txt
